[ Engine revving ]
Solider: Up.
Lila: He killed himself, Ethan,
just like your brother did.
Ethan: What happened?
Damon:
None of your damn business!
Robert killed us all
that day.
And now you have to live with it. [ Echoes]
I don't anymore.
No!
[ Gunshot ]
Ethan: Three people
in the same unit
have taken their own lives, and
the first one was my brother.
Willis! Willis!
You reopened old wounds.
What's hard is you.
I'm done.
I don't have any sons left.
-Hey.
-What's going on?
I called you three times.
[ Siren wailing ]
Yeah, I know.
Ethan, that was a lot
for anyone --
the funeral, Damon,
your dad.
I'm fine.
I thought
you just might need...
A shoulder to cry on?
No. Not really my style.
Have a good shift.
[ Siren continues wailing ]
And now he's just...gone.
My husband was my...
everything.
He was a hero.
♪♪
As a cop, he --
he saved so many lives.
But when he needed
a doctor to save him...
[ Voice breaking ]
...no one did.
[ Crying ]
I'm sorry I'm late.
Hey. Rox. Are you ready for
your ride-along?
-Yes.
-Ride-along?
-Why are you in scrubs?
-I am trailing Dr. Rorish today
to brush up
on my diagnostic skills.
Is that, like, a thing?
Yeah. I do it every
couple months.
Okay. Here you go.
And no, you can't film me.
I'm not signing a release.
Well,
then it's your loss, then,
because this doc's
coming together.
-I'm thinking Oscar.
-Bad accident on the 101,
VIP and wife,
chopper's five minutes out.
Wait, VIP. What -- what VIP?
Hey, Coppola. Let's go.
Jesse: Whoa, whoa, whoa.
You wanna go that way.
[ Helicopter blades whirring ]
Rorish: What do you got?!
Lost pulse en route.
Four minutes.
Car crashed into
a construction truck.
Post came through
the windshield.
On my count. One, two, three!
Passenger -- Sonya Finn.
Altered. BP, 70 over 30.
-Dislocated left hip.
-Rox, take over compressions!
Holy crap! This is Drake Finn!
I got it!
I said Rox, Dr. Avila!
You are not a character
in his movie.
This is real life. Let's go.
Thready pulse. Cool extremities.
She's in shock.
Come on. Let's go.
We need to activate the massive
transfusion protocol.
Okay, let's go. Go, go.
Already did that from dispatch.
Sonya, is there anyone
you want us to call?
Oh, God. Why? Is he dead?
No, no. We're working on him.
Call my daughter, please.
Her name is Delia.
Look out. Coming in.
All right, guys, he's been down
six minutes.
-We need an EPI and blood.
-Sonya: My phone's in my purse.
Call Andrew Ferryman.
He needs to be here, too.
-His agent? Seriously?
-Go make the call.
Okay, left leg is shortened
and rotated internally.
Okay, you got a dislocated hip,
and we're gonna have to
put it back in, all right?
So I'm gonna give you some meds.
Drake!
Somebody give me the bullet
on Mr. Finn.
-Got a call from the board.
-Rox.
This is the driver.
We've got a pipe that came
through the windshield
and impaled him.
Vitals are unstable.
Lost pulses en route.
Page Dr. Leighton, tell him
to have an OR ready.
I need an ultrasound
over here now.
-What did the board have to say?
-"Don't let him die."
Drake. Honey, talk to me.
Okay, this is gonna be painful,
but it's gonna be fast.
-Just do it.
-Three, two, one.
[ Crunch ]
[ Screams ]
-Okay, pulse is good.
-Get her off the board.
-All right.
-Drake?
Whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Aah!
Let me get some tape over here!
All right, we got
a fractured arm!
Right away.
We'll splint it later.
All right?
-Okay.
-Okay. Pulse. Back. Good job.
-Ready?
-It's weak.
-Are you ready to move him?
-Stop.
Impalement is millimeters
from the aorta.
It could sever any moment.
One wrong bump to the gurney,
and he is gone.
Ready a surgical tray.
I need betadine, a bovie,
and a suction over here, too.
All right, he's going up.
Your daughter is coming
from Santa Barbara,
and I left a message
for the agent, all right?
He's gotta know.
It's all over social media.
You got time for social media,
you ain't doing your job.
I can multitask.
Can we lose the studio audience?
Guys, hey, please.
Clear the platform.
Go. Thank you. Goodbye.
We need something
to cut the metal
and remove it in pieces.
Okay. I need a saw!
There's an angle grinder
on the fire truck.
-I'm gonna go get it.
-Go.
Rorish: Go, go, go.
All right, we've got incoming
ambulance bay.
Diego, you take her to sides.
Jesse and I will take incoming.
You'll have to fight
that crowd to get to them.
[ Shouting indistinctly ]
Man: [ Amplified voice ]
Please disperse.
We have a medical emergency.
[ Crowd shouting ]
Clear the way.
[ Siren wails ]
♪♪
-Clear it out! Clear it out!
-Okay, guys, guys, guys.
Please, come on. Come on!
Bring it through!
Hey. Hey, buddy.
[ Shouting continues ]
[ Buzzing ]
A few more millimeters!
Andrew: No, I will not stay
back. I was told to be here.
Dr. Avila left me a message.
-Diego: Agent's here.
-Go get him.
Hey.
Mr. Ferryman, this way.
Rorish: Good job.
Campbell:
Little more, little more.
Oh, my God.
-Drake? Drake?
-Hey. Hey, hey, hey.
-Got it.
-Hold it, hold it, hold it.
-Ready?
-All right.
Let's move this one out first.
Can I have laps?
Okay, Drake.
-Tie this up for me.
-Okay, go ahead. Ready.
Campbell: Hold pressure
as soon as I pull this out.
There you go. Okay.
Is -- is he gonna be okay?
It's bad, but...
What do you mean it's bad?
What's happening?
But his aorta's intact.
Sir, we have a private room
set up.
Dr. Avila,
take him in now, please.
No, I need to --
I need to be --
Dr. Avila, take him there now.
Please.
-But --
-Let's go. He's gonna be fine.
BP is low, but it's holding.
Is he gonna make it?
Surgically, we've done
what we can. Time will tell.
Hell of a job, Rox.
[ Chuckles ]
60-year-old female
fell down some stairs,
landed on her head, actively
seizing for eight minutes.
She's my mother.
Please help her.
She get meds en route?
Pushed 6 of Ativan.
No response.
All right, we got it from here.
Thank you.
Center stage is full.
She's gotta go to sides.
Right in here, guys.
Another 2
and load her with Dilantin?
-Yeah.
-Ativan's in.
Dilantin's coming out.
What's her medical history?
Brain cancer four years ago,
but she's in remission now.
Ever had seizures before?
No, just a few, after the --
after the cancer.
She always managed them
with medication.
Seizure broke.
All right, let's keep loading
the Dilantin.
Let's get a CT scan.
We'll be right back.
You hang in there, okay?
Come on. Coming through.
Okay, so there was
"Deep Destruction."
I saw that three times.
Oh. And "11.8."
No one does a natural disaster
like Drake Finn.
I really don't care.
Come on. Drake Finn is
in the hospital.
No way you don't care.
There are, like, 50 different
ways I don't care.
I'm trying to cheer you up.
Why?
Because your...boyfriend --
he...
He died? Yes, Max died.
You can say it.
I just wanna help.
Grieving is hard to do alone.
[ Scoffs ] You sound
exactly like Leanne.
Oh, my God. She sent you
to come talk to me, didn't she?
-No, it's not like that.
-Then what is it like?
[ Sighs ] Leanne told my dad
you could use a friend.
So he asked me to come
hang out with you.
Oh, is he paying you, too?
Come on. I mean, it does seem
like you could use a friend.
I want to be sad.
I'm allowed to do that.
Fine. Be sad.
I'm not leaving.
[ Sighs ]
How many different ways
can I say no?
-How's the pain?
-You're not listening to me.
I've given birth.
This isn't even close.
Remember the bracelet you got.
I think I just paid that off.
I'm not gonna talk about
his condition.
No, that's not the kind of
publicity we're looking for.
-No. No, that --
-How are you feeling?
I'd cry, but Drake Finn
doesn't cry. He gets even.
I saw that one.
Pretty sure that's in
all of them.
Yes, I'm still here.
Okay, so you lost a lot
of blood on scene,
but we've been transfusing you
since you arrived.
I just need to look at your
wound here, check the sutures.
Rox? What do you suggest?
Uh, I don't know.
We wanna prevent infection
post-surgery. Antibiotics.
Yes.
Vanc and Zosyn, please.
I wish Delia would
get here already.
There will be no comment.
I'm hanging up now.
[ Cellphone beeps ]
What's happening
with "Blood Donor"?
What?
Oh, that's his next movie.
Denzel's supposed to direct it.
I read the trades.
We have a start date yet?
Stop. We're not talking
business now.
[ Scoffs ]
It's a joke, right?
[ Monitor beeping steadily ]
[ Exhales shakily ]
How's -- How's my mom?
CT scan is clear.
She's still in radiology.
We're also getting an MRI.
[ Indistinct conversations ]
You, uh, do you think
the cancer could be back?
[ Woman speaking indistinctly
over P.A. ]
Dr. Willis?
He's asking if the cancer
could be back.
Oh, we don't know yet, but with
her history and the seizing,
we just wanna rule it out.
I should call the airline,
right?
I, uh, I fly out
for Kenya tomorrow.
Gonna teach for a year. It's
kind of a life-long dream,
but now, I don't know. I just
feel like I should cancel.
Wait for the MRI.
Should be back soon.
[ Typing ]
[ Sighs ]
Just, last time was rough.
She couldn't sleep.
Had to read to her for hours
just to relax her.
[ Sighs ] I just gotta
keep it together.
I can't, um, let her
see me worried, right?
Don't worry till there's
something to worry about.
We'll be back when we know
something, okay? Stay strong.
Yeah.
What's going on with you?
Nothing.
We've been to every
emergency room in the city.
All the doctors say that
Dominic's fine, but he's not.
It's just crying and sleeping.
That's what toddlers do.
It comes out of nowhere.
He gets really excited and then
he just falls asleep.
I'm telling you,
something is wrong.
I'll order blood tests
and a chest x-ray,
and hopefully, the results
will tell us what's going on.
[ Exhales sharply ] You're not
gonna find anything,
just like the rest of them.
You know what?
Is Dr. Angus Leighton
still around?
Uh-huh.
Then I'd like to see him.
[ Monitor beeping steadily ]
Okay.
[ Whispers ] I'll be back.
Rox: You're being easier on me
than you are your residents.
I'm not turning you
into a physician.
There's a difference.
But you know I can
handle it, right?
You spend all day
with Willis.
If you can handle him,
you can handle me.
I don't know how well
I'm handling him.
Relationships are difficult.
-We're not in a relationship.
-Professional relationship.
Yes.
Professional, definitely.
Mm.
He's pushing me away
for some reason.
Maybe you're getting
too close.
There's no other reason
to push someone away.
At least, that's what
I always tell myself.
Who are you pushing away?
Oh, I'm not the pusher.
I'm the pushee.
I was a terror at Ariel's age,
and I wasn't grieving.
Mm.
Maybe she just, I don't know,
needs a little space.
Well, I'm trying. But you
give 'em too much space,
and they think you don't care.
Thanks.
-Hey.
-How'd it go?
-I'm toast.
-Son, you don't know that.
Yeah, you were there.
Detective Gomez was
a decorated officer
whose widow moved everyone.
And this judgment will go
on file with the medical board.
No one
will ever hire me again.
You're getting ahead
of yourself, Elliot.
You have to wait
for the ruling. You can't --
I'd rule against me.
Then it's a good thing
you don't decide the case.
Yeah.
I just wanna tell her
that I'm sorry.
No, no, no, no, no.
No way, man. No can do.
He's right. You can't admit
wrongdoing, son.
Let the facts, not your
feelings, influence your case.
Hi. I'm looking for Gladys
and Eugene Partridge.
Gladys and Eugene Partridge?
She means
Sonya and Drake Finn.
Come on. You must be Delia.
They're right this way.
-Hi, Madeline. How you doing?
-I'm okay.
Helps that my doctor's
oppressively handsome.
-[ Sighs ]
-And your nurse.
[ Gasps ]
I have the results
from your MRI.
Cancer's back.
I'm sorry.
And the tumor's causing
a fluid build-up in your brain.
-Damn it.
-You beat it before.
By the skin of my teeth.
[ Monitor beeping steadily ]
-Results back?
-Great news, honey.
-No cancer.
-[ Exhales deeply ]
[ Madeline chuckles ]
Oh, your mom's getting
a CAT scan.
She should be back soon.
I tried to get here as fast
as I could,
but it was so crazy outside.
I could barely get in.
Okay, but you got here,
and you did great.
♪♪
-Can't believe you.
-It's -- it's not...
No. Sorry.
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
Okay, so tests were normal,
but there are more we can run.
I'm really sorry if I was...
You're a mom with a sick kid.
Nothing to be sorry about.
-Angus: Hey, you paged me?
-Yeah, um, this is --
I...don't know
if you remember me.
Yvonne. Uh...
Of course I remember you.
Um, hi.
Who is this little guy?
-Dominic.
-Hi, Dominic.
He's been sick. I was hoping
his father could help.
-It's kind of my last resort.
-Yeah. When's he get here?
He just did.
♪♪
It can't be easy to
discover that your dad's
not who you thought.
Come on, I knew Drake was gay.
Remarkable that you managed not
to say anything out loud.
-I'm saying Delia had to know.
-Yeah.
Even if she did know, he didn't
tell her. That's the point.
So he lied. Everyone lies.
I mean, that goes double
for D.C., triple for Hollywood.
Well, on the rig,
we treat them and turf them.
I don't know how you guys
deal with the drama.
-I try to stay out of it.
-I film it.
I need to talk to you.
You can't deal with me, so you
pawn me off to someone else?
Uh...can we talk about
this in private?
Well, you already told
Dr. Campbell about it,
so I guess
it's not private, then.
Okay, I was trying to help you.
I didn't know what else to do.
How about not asking
my friend to spy on me?
I'm sorry.
But you haven't spoken
to me in about a week.
I'm not gonna start now.
♪♪
She doesn't want her son
to know the cancer's back.
-She can't do that.
-Sure, she can.
It's her call to make.
Says the man who didn't want
his brother to know
that he had CHF.
-It's different.
Jose was the one who was sick,
and I was in denial.
-Madeline's not.
-She's hurting her son.
Or helping him.
You can't help somebody
by lying.
Sometimes you can. Hey.
Is that so?
You ever wonder why they call
the good lies, white lies?
Just saying.
Was that aimed at me?
Sometimes the lie is
a good thing?
Look, my father may not like it,
and it is no fun to hear,
but we needed to know what
really happened to my brother.
So spare me the yoga wisdom
and namaste-out of it.
Ethan, I wasn't talking
about you.
I was just making conversation.
Nothing's wrong, huh?
-No, nothing's wrong.
-Mm.
I'm sorry.
I didn't call you before.
You know, I'm gonna check him
out as -- as a doctor. I should.
Um... [ Clears throat ]
You say he falls asleep
suddenly?
Yeah, a few times a day,
usually after he's crying
or gets upset and then he just,
he wakes right back up.
Fever or rashes? Ah.
-Ah.
-No.
[ Monitor beeping steadily ]
♪♪
So...why didn't you call me?
It was one night, Angus.
I thought I could handle it
on my own.
When Dominic got sick,
none of the other doctors
would believe me that there's
anything wrong with him.
Well, I believe you.
And I'm gonna take care
of Dominic.
[ Crying ]
I promise.
Thank you. [ Sniffles ]
♪♪
What's your full name?
Madeline Mandel.
Mm-hmm.
And what year are we in?
2018.
And where are right now?
Uh, Pamplona.
Running with the bulls.
-Where's your red scarf?
-[ Chuckles ]
I ask these questions
to everyone who's
suffered a head injury.
I'm at Angels. Practically lived
here four years ago.
You think I wouldn't
remember it?
I also remember my home,
where I'd much rather be.
Mom, they're just being
thorough.
[ Sighs ] Did I pass the test?
With flying colors.
We'll be back.
[ Monitor beeping steadily ]
What's going on?
Dr. Willis has concerns
about Madeline's competence.
What?
She has
a traumatic brain injury.
Nice try. She can make
her own medical decisions.
She's lying to her son
about the cancer.
As long as she's of sound mind,
that is her call to make.
But Jake would want to
be there for her.
Well...
He'd want to help her,
and she's gonna need it.
She's not thinking rationally.
Oh, no. She is.
Not sure about you.
Willis, HIPAA protects
her privacy.
She decides who she tells.
She decides how she lives
or how she dies.
And no doctor can take
that away, and they won't,
not on my watch.
Hey.
I don't care that he's gay.
I've heard the rumors.
But my mom...
it's gonna break her heart.
My father wasn't a superstar.
He was barely employed,
but I caught him
cheating on my mom.
I was
a little younger than you.
He made me keep it a secret,
and it tore me up.
You never told her?
Well, I didn't have to.
I caught her with
someone else, so...
No point after that.
You do have a point, though,
right?
Your parents' marriage
isn't your responsibility.
You can't take
that burden on.
Delia?
Do I tell her or not?
Hi, Mom. You okay?
I'm tougher than I look.
Your dad told me
what you saw.
It's not what you think.
He's gay.
I know.
What?
I think we should give them
some privacy.
I don't know if I should
leave my patient alone.
Don't leave me with her.
You were only 8.
He met Andrew
and fell in love.
He'd been lying to himself
for so long and then to me.
He didn't wanna lie anymore.
But he did.
He kept lying to me,
and then you did it, too.
-Dr. Avila, we should...
-What kind of a mother
lies to her daughter
for half her life?
Get her away from me.
Get her away from me
before I scream.
-Delia, please.
-[ Crying ]
[ Whispers ] Just go.
Delia...
[ Sobbing ]
All right,
ultrasound looks good.
Yeah,
everything looks good.
Kid's fine.
She's scamming you.
We are not discussing this
right now.
You need to take
a paternity test.
Dominic? Dom!
What did I just say?
Help! He's not breathing. Angus!
What's the matter,
little buddy? Big breath.
[ Exhales deeply ]
-He's breathing just fine.
-One more.
He wasn't a second ago.
Why does this keep happening?
-There. Did you see that?
-No.
-What are you doing?
-Checking his monitor history.
[ Typing ]
There.
There it is. V-tach.
It's only six beats,
but it is there,
right when she said
he stopped breathing.
Kids are squirmy, okay?
Could be ectopy, could be...
motion artifact.
-He's got a growing heart.
-Or maybe we missed something.
I think we need to get
a stress test.
-Dude.
-Are you gonna help me or not?
-We made the wrong choice.
-No, no, no. We did what
we thought was best
for Delia at the time.
No, we did what youthought was
best for youat the time.
Guys, please, stop.
It's not the time --
Andrew, shut the hell up.
Okay, excuse me. We need to...
I just destroyed
the most important person
in the world to me.
-Please.
We need to talk about
his condition.
You've developed Disseminated
Intravascular Coagulation.
It affects your ability
to clot.
Your body is starting
to shut down.
[ Monitor beeping steadily ]
So...what are you gonna do?
Everything we possibly can.
But our options are limited.
There's nothing you can do,
is there?
Mr. Finn,
we never give up here.
♪♪
[ Door closes ]
What in God's name
is wrong with you?
I'm telling a story
about this place,
the good and the bad.
And invading
a patient's privacy?
Drake's a fraud.
We provide our patients
with medical care here.
-We don't judge them.
-We judge 'em all the time.
Go home.
What?
You've been here for months
already, and we've all tried
to teach you, but you are
not getting it.
Getting what?
My movie's the truth.
Your truth lacks humanity
and compassion.
And sadly,
I fear, you do, too.
Now get out of my sight.
♪♪
[ Water splashing ]
Dr. Willis?
Listen, I-I just can't thank
you enough for helping my mom,
for, you know,
making her better.
Oh, she's tough.
[ Drying hands ]
She did most
of the work herself.
Well, then, thank you
for helping me.
I was panicking
for no reason.
I'm just so glad
she's gonna be okay.
Thanks again, Doc.
Anytime.
[ Exhales slowly ]
I'm supposed to be taking
a test right now.
What class?
Psychology. [ Chuckles ]
Delia,
your father's very sick.
I know.
No, honey, he's sicker
than you know.
What are you talking about?
You need to go see him.
No, screw him. Screw Andrew.
Screw my mom.
I don't know what to do.
Yeah, you do.
Or you wouldn't still
be here.
Hey.
[ Indistinct conversations ]
How's Ariel?
I think I screwed up.
Not the first time.
Won't be the last.
[ Imitating Jesse ] "Oh, no.
You didn't screw up, Leanne.
You were just doing
what you thought was right."
That really what
you want to hear?
No. What I wanna hear
is that the courts are
granting me custody of Ariel.
Nobody knows better than you
that there are things outside
of your control.
And sometimes
those things turn bad.
You and Ariel have that
in common.
Yeah.
She learned it too young.
She doesn't expect things
to go her way.
Worse.
She's sure they won't.
-Ooh.
-Feel that?
Yeah.
[ Indistinct conversations ]
Jake leave?
He went to pack.
He'll be back.
You really not
gonna tell him?
If he knew I was sick again,
cancel his trip.
Be just like last time.
Jake put his life on hold.
[ Scoffs ]
Destroyed his marriage.
Letting him do that again
would be selfish.
There are some people
that would say that
not letting him be
with his mother
when she might die
is selfish.
Some people.
Do you get this involved
with all your patients?
-No.
-So what is it about me exactly?
When my mother was
on her death bed,
my father sent my brother
to summer camp.
And she was gone
by the time he got home.
He never
got to say goodbye.
And it ate at him
his whole life.
And I'll never forgive my father
for doing that to him.
I gave Jake life
31 years ago.
I'm giving him life
again today.
That's my job as a parent.
♪♪
[ Door opens ]
[ Clears throat ]
Why'd you throw me
under the bus?
You told Ariel we sent you
to talk to her.
Because it's what you did?
No, I asked you
to help her out,
not embarrass her.
-Because she's my friend, right?
Well, isn't telling the truth
part of being a friend?
Not always.
Really? Because you've been
pretty big on honesty before,
unless you think
lying's okay now.
Emily, I...
Or maybe you're saying that
being a friend
means being dishonest, which is
a whole other bag of crazy.
Okay, okay, okay. Enough.
All right?
You win.
-Uh, I do?
-You're a good person.
Can I take a little
credit for that?
Yes, Dad. You can take
all the credit.
Hey.
What are you doing
out of bed?
I had to get out
of that room.
We can move you
to another room.
[ Sighs ]
I stayed married to a man
who was in love
with another man.
[ Whispers ]
What's wrong with me?
I'm not qualified to comment.
I've been living a lie.
And worse, I've made
my daughter live a lie.
[ Sighs ] You have kids?
One.
Bet you're good at it.
Nobody's good at it.
We just do the best we can.
It's just so hard.
You want them to look up to you
and think you got it
all together.
-Mm-hmm.
-You just want 'em to feel safe.
Someone I admire
once said to me,
our only job is to love them
and to make sure
they know it every day.
♪♪
I know it seems like
baby boot camp,
but we're looking for changes
in his heart rhythm
based on stress.
-Angus, I trust you.
I didn't...
I didn't do it on purpose.
[ Sniffles ]
Yvonne,
I would never suggest...
But...I don't regret it.
Not for a minute.
He wakes me up every morning
with this delicious,
giant smile on his face.
He loves me so completely.
Dom's the best thing
ever happened to me.
[ Monitor beeping ]
There it is.
CPVT.
Is that bad?
It's a genetic condition.
But the important thing is
that we caught it early,
thanks to you.
So is he gonna be okay?
Dominic will need
life-long medication,
and we'll need to implant
a defibrillator.
Hey. Hey, he's gonna be okay.
All right?
-Oh.
-[ Exhales deeply ]
Can I get you anything?
Oh, you're very sweet,
but no.
-You understand why I'm --
-No, no, I don't need to.
Personally, I admire
what you're doing.
Oh.
[ Monitor beeping erratically ]
Madeline?
Mad-- Dr. Willis! Dr. Willis!
Okay. Come on, guys. Let's go.
Have you seen Delia?
[ Sighs ]
Just tell me, is she okay?
I don't know.
There's no such thing as
a gay action hero.
What was I supposed to do?
Tell the truth?
Yes.
Hey, do you know who
you're talking to?
No. I wanna hear what
she has to say.
Go ahead. Say it.
Forget that I'm Drake Finn.
I want the truth.
Delia woke up this morning
with a family,
only to find out that
you three are a family,
and she's on the outside,
looking in.
[ Sighs ]
You're right.
She's right.
I wanted to have it all.
But the truth is, I'd give it
all back right now
to make this better.
All of it?
[ Sighs ] Maybe I'd keep
the house in Maui.
-[ Exhales deeply ]
-[ Chuckles ]
Will you come here, please?
♪♪
Listen, I don't know
what I can do
to make this up to you.
But I will spend every single
day just thinking of ways.
Are you really my father?
Oh, don't.
Well, how would I know?
Oh...
'Cause you look like me?
I look like Mom.
Ah, but the beautiful smile.
[ Chuckles ]
That's all me.
You're such a narcissist.
But a charming one.
[ Chuckles ]
-Come here.
-I love you.
Oh.
[ Monitor beeping erratically ]
Dad?
-Drake? Drake?
-Do something.
-Hold on, hold on.
-Drake? What's happening? Drake!
-Oh!
-I need some help in here!
Mom!
Dr. Willis, what happened?
She just started seizing again.
Why? You said
that she was fine.
I did not say she was fine.
For her, it's important
to stay calm.
-Jesse, we have to paralyze her.
-Wait. What?
-Okay.
-Incoming!
--Rox, what happened?
He lost consciousness
and started vomiting blood.
I got him here as fast
as I could.
Okay, we've already maxed out
his dopamine.
Let's start him
on a Levophed drip.
Okay, Jesse. Hey, she is not
gonna die tonight.
-Go set up an EVD.
-She maxed out on Dilantin?
How much steroids
did she take?
The anti-seizure meds didn't
work, and the steroids failed.
What the hell are you doing?
Is -- is her cancer back?
They're inserting
the intercranial drain
to remove excess fluid.
Wait, what -- what...Wait, wait,
I-I don't understand. It...
-The Levophed isn't working.
-It takes time.
-What else can we do?
-Uh...
Okay, get me
2 units of PRBCs.
Risa, I need more FFPs
and platelets.
[ Sputtering ]
He is not protecting
his airways.
Give me 120 sux
and 20 etomidate.
Rox, you intubate.
-Answer me. Is her cancer back?
-Jake, listen to me.
Your mom was having refractory
seizures from the fall --
common in severe concussions.
-Dr. Willis, is that true?
This drain's gonna relieve
the pressure...
[ Whirring ]
...but you need to know
that she --
Dr. Willis.
♪♪
-It's working.
-Good.
All right, she's gonna need a CT
to confirm the placement.
-Let's get her up there.
-Let's bring her up, Jesse.
Here we go. Come on, guys.
Let's move her out. Let's go.
-What now?
-BP is holding. Now we wait.
Dr. Willis, as of right now,
Madeline Mandel is
no longer your patient.
Wait a minute.
I don't work for you.
No, for me? No, no, you don't.
But you do work in this ER,
and I run this ER.
So I get to decide who sees
what patients.
You are no longer
in charge of her care.
♪♪
Excuse me.
They gave him
the internal defibrillator.
He's gonna be all right.
Good. Now you can deal
with the paternity issues.
I am dealing with them.
You're a doctor.
She's a stripper.
Yeah. It took me a minute,
but I remember
when she hit on you.
And every detail
of that night
since you told me
again and again --
Okay, okay.
[ Whispers ] Would you keep
your voice down, please?
[ Sighs ] She wants money.
I don't make any money.
-You're the perfect mark.
-Why? 'Cause I'm stupid?
No, 'cause you're too damn
nice and trusting.
Here's the thing.
I'm not ready to be a dad.
Having a kid right now would
blow up my entire life,
but if Dominic is...
my son...
then I will do
the right thing.
[ Inhales deeply ]
-You are looking much better.
-I'm a fighter.
So am I.
Thank you for not giving up.
I told you,
we never give up here.
So how much longer do we
have to watch this?
Can't disappoint
the adoring fans.
You're alive.
Isn't that enough?
They can ever get enough.
Neither can he.
♪♪
Delia...
I love you.
I love you, too, Mom.
But I'm still mad.
♪♪
The house in Maui would make
a nice apology gift.
♪♪
[ Siren wailing ]
[ Sighs ]
Why are you acting
like this?
I'm just trying to be
your friend.
-You're in pain and I care --
-I'm not in pain.
And nobody asked you to care.
Okay.
You know what?
You can try and fix your life
through your patients,
you can push me away,
you can push everyone away,
then the only one you'll have
left to torture is you.
Have fun.
I don't know who you think
you are, but you're not my wife.
You're not my girlfriend.
You're not my shrink.
No. I'm just a person
riding on the rig with you...
until today,
'cause now...I'm done.
♪♪
You 9-1-1 paged us
to the break room?
You know, you're not even
supposed to be here.
You wanna tell me
what was so important?
What...what's going on?
I wanted to see you.
♪♪
They told me that I shouldn't
apologize, but I am so sorry.
I mean, I just -- I wish that
I could go back and --
I'm dropping the case.
-You what?
-Javi was so stubborn.
If he refused
to do something,
it was impossible
to change his mind.
I saw how you tried
to help him.
I also saw how hard
you took it when he died.
How? How could you see that?
He showed me.
♪♪
I can't get Javi back.
I just needed to know that
someone tried their best
to save him.
And you did.
Take care of yourself.
♪♪
-[ Sighs ]
-What did you show her?
♪♪
...get you up
to radiology now.
I'm not going anywhere until
that little girl's okay.
Take me to the OR. I have to get a CT of your head, okay? I need to.
This isn't a discussion. You got me?
I'll be damned.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Hey, we need Ativan now. Now!
What's happening? He's seizing.
What does it look like?
-I didn't even know I had it.
-Diego...
♪♪
I just wanna tell her
that I'm sorry.
No, no, no, no, no.
No way, man. No can do.
He's right. You can't admit...
Diego...thank you.
Yeah, man.
♪♪
You know, um...
[ Clears throat ]
Back in grade school,
my teachers used to tell me
that I was smart,
but I didn't apply myself.
Mm.
And that's what you're
trying to tell me, right?
I need to apply myself?
No. I'm trying to tell you
that you're arrogant,
insubordinate,
and entitled.
But...I got potential,
right?
See you tomorrow, Doctor.
All right.
[ Door opens ]
Hi.
Can we talk?
-So you can lie to me?
-I've never lied to you, Ariel.
I always told you that Max is --
Not about Max. About us.
Oh. I don't know what
you're talking about.
You said this was home.
You said that I'd always
be home with you.
But now they're gonna
take me away again.
Not if I can help it.
[ Sets cup down ]
Can you promise that?
Can you guarantee it?
Ariel, you remember when
we first met?
Right after
your father's accident.
I asked you
if you wanted it straight
or if you wanted doctor talk.
-I just want the truth.
-Okay, well, the truth is,
I don't have
all the answers yet.
It is very complicated.
It's always complicated.
My mom died, my dad died,
and then my aunt
kicked me out.
And then, Max died.
When is it not gonna be
complicated?
I love you.
That's not complicated.
But it's not enough.
Because you're gonna be
taken from me, too.
♪♪
How we doing?
You're not supposed
to be here.
I didn't come as a doctor.
I came to apologize.
So Jake's gone?
Took me a few hours
to convince him, but yeah.
He's finally gonna go
live his life.
You know, Freud says that
we cast people in our lives
to fix the things that we
couldn't get right before.
[ Chuckles ]
He's no dummy. Freud.
You know, maybe...
your father knew your brother
wasn't strong enough.
What do you mean?
Maybe he sent him away
because he knew that...
[ Sighs ] unlike you...
[ Chuckles ]
he wouldn't have been able
to handle it.
No. Your father wasn't trying
to destroy your brother.
He was...
trying to protect him.
♪♪
-May I?
-Oh, yeah. Be my guest.
♪♪
"My Long Ride Home.
Chapter One."
"This morning,
like every morning,
began with a promise
she made to herself."
♪♪
"Keeping it had always proved
impossible until today."
♪♪